<!--
removed from bigtest docs in order to strip it down to barebones for soft launch

guides
  browser-config
    - cross-browser parallel testing
    - ios/android simulators
    - enabling safari automation
  ci-setup
    - mainly for chrome and firefox. for running safari tests in ci, contact us in discord for the diy instructions.
    - Chromedriver unzipping issues
      - CHROMEWEBDRIVER env variable for github actions
      - SSH into circleci and confirm it's at usr/local/bin/chromedriver
      https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments/pull/269/files
      https://github.com/cvex/trade/issues/152
    - safari diy setup
  code-coverage
concepts
  test-tree
  steps-assertions
-->

questions
  - is node12 the only compatible version with bigtest and interactor?
  - can we replace Button interactor example with TextField? (was debating whether to wait for the jsdom issue to be resolved or assume we'll have a solution before the launch)
  - app suggestion (to replace todomvc)
    - `How much polish do we want to have for the sample app? Maybe something designed & branded?`
      - Does “npx bigtest-interactors-example my-example” work ok here?
      - app with cypress/jest/bigtestalpha for people to clone
        - npx bigtest sample
  - capitalize or lowercase interactors
  - Any other common questions when writing interactors? (in `write-your-own` section)
  - `Need to ask for advice for what to do if the problem is not accessibility?` in interactors page
  - should the `page` interactor be introduced as one of the default interactors?
  - are `.exists()`, `.has()`, `.is()`, `.absent()`, and `.find()` technically actions? we introduce actions in the context of writing your own interactors but i wonder if we should introduce the five mentioned as the "default" actions that come with all interactors?
    - `.exists()` and `.absent()` are introduced in the quick start so if we do say they are actions, we can write a short sentence to mention that these are actions that are returning a boolean.

notes
  - moving `asynchronous` page into landing page of interactor
    - and changed `overview` of interactors to `introduction` as overview implies a summary of the following pages but we might be discussing more of the internals/benefits of interactors to "introduce" readers to interactors.
  - splitting contents of `interactors/getting-started/why-bigtest` into `interactors/` and `bigtest/`
    - `quick-start` for interactors now sits at root
    - added comments from original `getting-started` into `src/interactor.js`