## updates for jen
- there was no feedback on whether or not we should always capitalize Interactors. i think we can use either or and let the editor worry about it.

- i see you listed node12 as a prerequisites but charles says that might only be the case when building the package. so i think we can just list node instead.

- i was thinking of renaming the interactors dropdown to either `Getting Started` or `Core Concepts` or something else because otherwise we have an interactors section within the interactors docs. What do you think?

- i asked if there were any other commmonly-asked-questions we should add and while referencing the second question in the commonly-asked-questions, i asked "what should the user do if the problem is not accessibility?" and charles' response was:
  > I'd also add that if you are going to write your own interactors, never fear! You can still use the built in interactors in the manner in which I alluded to before, you would just delegate to them. Does that mean we should have a section on using interactors from interactors?
i'm not sure if he was answering the first question or the second.
  - on monday i will ask robbie and jorge about the first question and we can ask charles on discord to reiterate on the second question for the accessibility.

- regarding the simple app example, charles is very much on board. these are the points i laid out for the proposed example app:
  + It could potentially replace `@bigtest/todomvc`.
  + Using `npx`, users would just need to run `npx @bigtest/sample`.
  + The sample app would come with `Jest`, `Cypress`, and `BigTest alpha` already set up.
    + With custom commands in `package.json`, they could run `yarn jest`, `yarn cypress`. `yarn bigtest:alpha` to see the interactors in action.
  + Jen had a neat idea of how we could decorate the app with BigTest logos.
  - i forgot to ask in the way that you had written about how polished we would want it to be but i think we can make this as minimalistic as possible and have the team contribute to the app (whether it's design or functionality)

- charles left feedback on the pages that you've written out so far: [link](https://github.com/thefrontside/bigtest/issues/683#issuecomment-733785477)
  - i went ahead and made the changes for his feedback under the stylistic section about how we should type out the full flag name
  - i changed the locator in the write-your-own checkbox example to id from classname for the time being; his last sentence i think is suggesting we make it a bit more complex but since we're adding the tablecell interactor as the more complex example i'm not sure if it's necessary.
    - charles also said we can go ahead and use the textfield interactor as an example so we could probably replace the checkbox example completely.

- lastly, we touched on it in our last pairing and i asked charles about `find()` because i wasn't sure where we should talk about it and here's what he said:
  > "find() is in its own category in that it returns a new interactor scoped within the current interactor, and is generally used for composing actions from interactor primitives:
    ```js
    createInteractor('DatePicker')({
      actions: {
        open: (picker) => picker.find(Button).click()
      }
    });
    ```

## todos for min
  - write about page interactor
    - i need to double check but the page interactor might be more relevant in the bigtest platform docs